Add Troubleshooting chapter (#7)
chargebyte/chargebyte-docs: docs/source/troubleshooting.rst

.. troubleshooting.rst:

Troubleshooting
===============

Frequently Asked Questions
--------------------------

.. contents::
   :local:

Is it possible to use the Charge Control C as EV simulator?
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

No, the Control Pilot interface on Charge Control C is not able to operate as an EV. Please look at
our `website <https://www.chargebyte.com/>`_ for more suitable products.

Is it possible to use the Charge Control C as DC charge controller?
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Yes, for prototypes it’s possible to use the Charge Control C as DC SECC for DIN 70121 or ISO 15118.

Reviewer: Why as prototype but not as product? Is missing hardware the issue?

Author: My explanation so far, the Charge Control C was designed only for the AC use case, which results in the following disadvantages:
- unnecessary components like plug lock interface, AC contactor or second PLC chip
- lack of CAN interface or safety controller

   
How can I use CAN with Charge Control C?
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

There is no Charge Control C with onboard CAN interface available, so we suggest to use a PeakCAN

> USB adapter.

Reviewer 2: _Note that the EVerest charging stack does not have capabilities for control via CAN yet._

(I'm not aware that it's an FAQ yet, by I guess some CAN users have that goal.

Perhaps even add:
_If you require CAN control of the charger, you need to implement your own module._

Is it possible to upgrade the firmware from proprietary stack to EVerest and vice versa?
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Yes it is, but be aware that the configuration and database files will not be converted.

How can I access the EVerest admin panel on Charge Control C?
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The Charge Control C doesn’t have an EVerest admin panel because of its limited resources. Please

> use your development environment to setup your configuration file or just use a plain text editor.

Reviewer 2: setup -> set up
```suggestion
use your development environment to set up your configuration file or just use a plain text editor.
```

> 

Reviewer 3: We can also refer to the Github repository: https://github.com/EVerest/everest-admin-panel

Does EVerest on Charge Control C support ISO 15118-20 yet?
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The ISO15118-20 implementation is currently still under development and currently not included in

Reviewer 2: 2x _currently_. I suggest:
```suggestion
The ISO15118-20 implementation is currently still under development and not yet included in
```

our EVerest releases. The implementation is located on a 
`test branch of the everest-core repository <https://github.com/EVerest/everest-core/tree/testing/iso15118-20>`_.
As soon as the implementation has been merged to the main branch, we will include this module in the
next release cycle.

How do I set up OCPP 2.0.1 on Charge Control C with EVerest?
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Unfortunately, there are some manual steps on a development PC necessary. At first checkout the

Reviewer 2: Word order and other small details:
```suggestion
Unfortunately, some manual steps on a development PC are necessary. First, check out the
```

libocpp and change into the OCPP 2.0.1 config directory:

.. code-block:: console

   git clone https://github.com/EVerest/libocpp.git
   cd libocpp/config/v201

Now adapt OCPP 2.0.1 config.json to your needs (e.g. NetworkConnectionProfiles):

.. code-block:: console

   gedit config.json

> After that you can create device model database and insert the configuration:

Reviewer 2: _a_ or _the_ device model database

.. code-block:: console
   
   python3 init_device_model_db.py --db device_model_storage.db --schemas component_schemas/ init
   python3 init_device_model_db.py --db device_model_storage.db --schemas component_schemas/ --config config.json insert
   

> Then copy the device model database on Charge Control C (adapt IP address to your environment):

Reviewer 2: on -> onto the
```suggestion
Then copy the device model database onto the Charge Control C (adapt IP address to your environment):
```

.. code-block:: console

   scp device_model_storage.db root@<ip-address>:/var/lib/everest/ocpp201
   

> Finally make sure the DeviceModelDatabasePath in your EVerest configuration points to

Reviewer 2: This means the other, global configuration, so feel free to mention /etc/everest/config.yaml.

/var/lib/everest/ocpp201/device_model_storage.db and then restart EVerest on the Charge Control C.

I would like to implement a custom Modbus device in EVerest. Where should I start?
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> EVerest already has module which takes care of Modbus communication. Please have a look at

Reviewer 2: -> _a_ module
```suggestion
EVerest already has a module which takes care of Modbus communication. Please have a look at
```

> EVerest already has module which takes care of Modbus communication. Please have a look at

Reviewer 4: "has a  module"

> `SerialCommHub <https://everest.github.io/nightly/_generated/modules/SerialCommHub.html>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`SerialCommHub <https://everest.github.io/nightly/_generated/modules/SerialCommHub.html>`_, and let your module interact with this module via the `serial_communication_hub` interface.
```

Contact
-------

Support
^^^^^^^

> EVerest is an open-source project with a lot of modules, which is surrounded by a big community.

Reviewer 2: "surrounded" sort of works, but how about "supported"?

chargebyte is an active part of this community. However chargebyte is not able to provide support

> for every aspect of EVerest. In order to get quick answers here are some suggestions:

Reviewer 4: not sure, but I would add a comma "answers, here are some"

.. _troubleshooting.rst:

Troubleshooting
===============

Frequently Asked Questions
--------------------------

.. contents::
   :local:

Is it possible to use the Charge Control C as an EV simulator?
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

No, the Control Pilot interface on Charge Control C is not able to operate as an EV. Please look at
our `website <https://www.chargebyte.com/>`_ for more suitable products.

Is it possible to use the Charge Control C as a DC charge controller?
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Yes, for prototypes it’s possible to use the Charge Control C as DC SECC for DIN 70121 or ISO 15118.

> But the Charge Control C was designed for AC use case in mind.

Reviewer 2: I would say "with [something] in mind:
```suggestion
But the Charge Control C was designed with the AC use case in mind.
```

   
How can I use CAN with Charge Control C?
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

There is no Charge Control C with onboard CAN interface available, so we suggest to use a PeakCAN
USB adapter.

> I want to control EVerest via CAN, how can i achieve this?

Reviewer 2: Capital I:
```suggestion
I want to control EVerest via CAN, how can I achieve this?
```
